---
navigation.title: 'Home'
---

# What is GPTs?

"GPTs" refers to a new offering from [OpenAI](https://openai.com/blog/introducing-gptshttps://openai.com/blog/introducing-gpts) that allows individuals and businesses to create custom versions of the ChatGPT model:sparkles:.

These custom models can be tailored for specific purposes, such as aiding in education, assisting with work-related tasks, or enhancing daily life in various ways.


## Features

1. **Customization**: Individuals can customize their own version of ChatGPT with specific instructions, knowledge, and skills, without requiring coding knowledge.

2. **Use Cases**: GPTs can be created for personal use, for internal use within a company, or to be shared with the wider public.

3. **Ease of Creation**: Creating a GPT is designed to be as simple as having a conversation, where the creator can specify the abilities and knowledge of the GPT.

4. **Sharing and Monetization**: Users can share their GPTs publicly, and with the upcoming GPT Store, creators can potentially earn money based on the usage of their custom GPTs.

5. **Privacy and Safety Measures**: OpenAI has implemented privacy and safety measures to ensure that GPTs comply with usage policies, and users' data remains private.

6. **Integration with Real-world Data**: Developers can define custom actions for GPTs by integrating one or more APIs, allowing the GPTs to access external data or services.

7. **Enterprise Solutions**: Companies can create GPTs tailored to their business needs and deploy them internally, with control over how these GPTs are shared within the organization.


## Setup

[Click Here](http://chatgpt.com/create)


The new ChatGPT interface has been updated. ALL Tools are now integrated. Exclusive for Plus users. 

Clear your browser cache and then log back in. The GPT interface should be updated. Give it a try and see for yourself :rocket:

## Usage




---

You are at the end of the page, you can checkout the [about page](/about) or the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/Atinux/content-wind) and give a :icon{name="ph:star-duotone"}

Thanks for reading and happy writing, [Charlie0](https://twitter.com/simmon_charlie).
